revised/README.md, before:

# How to Add Your Own Ringtone to an iPhone?
## You will need:
* iPhone 
* Charging cable for your phone
* Computer (running Mac or Windows) with Internet access
* The song that you want to be your ringtone

## Steps:
### **1. Install iTunes on your computer**
**If you are using Mac**: skip this step as iTunes is already installed on your device by default.
<br>
**If you are using Windows**: [install the latest version of iTunes](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/p/itunes/9pb2mz1zmb1s "Install iTunes") as you see on the screenshots:
<br>
<br>
![iTunes installation button 1](../assets/step_1_1.jpg "iTunes installation button")
<br>
<br>
That button will take you to the Microsoft Store:
<br>
<br>
![iTunes installation button 2](../assets/step_1_2.jpg "iTunes installation button")
<br>
<br>
Wait for the download to finish, proceed with the installation by accepting terms & conditions and clicking "Continue" when prompted.
<br>
<br>

### **2. Choose the audio file for your ringtone**
iTunes **does not** let us make files longer than 40 seconds into ringtones.
<br>
**If you already have an \*.m4r file that is shorter than 40 seconds** you may skip steps 2 and 3.
<br>
**Otherwise** you should use an [online audio trimmer](https://audiotrimmer.com "Online Audio Trimmer").
<br>
To upload your file click on the `Browse..` button and select your file from the explorer:
<br>
<br>
![audio trimming open file](../assets/step_2_1.jpg "Audio Trimming open file")
<br>
<br>
Wait for the upload progress bar to finish and proceed to the next step:
<br>
<br>
![audio trimming upload](../assets/step_2_2.jpg "Audio Trimming Upload")
<br>
<br>

### **3. Trim the audio and obtain the \*.m4r file**
Move the sliders on the left and right to select the part of the audio that you want for your ringtone. You may also use the `+` and `-` buttons next to `Start` and `End` to make your cut more precise (Remember that the resulting length has to be shorter than 40 seconds):
<br>
<br>
![audio trimming sliders](../assets/step_3_1.gif "Audio Trimming Sliders")
<br>
<br>
Select `m4r` from the dropdown menu next to `Output Format` and click `Crop >>`:
<br>
<br>
![audio crop](../assets/step_3_2.gif "Audio Crop")
<br>
<br>
Wait for the processing to finish and download the file on your computer:
<br>
<br>
![audio download](../assets/step_3_3.jpg "Audio Download")
<br>
<br>

### **4. Connect your phone to the computer**
Open the iTunes app on the computer and using the charging cable connect your iPhone to the computer.
<br>
Unlock the phone. You may receive an alert like this:
<br>
<br>
<img src="https://support.apple.com/library/content/dam/edam/applecare/images/en_US/iOS/ios13-iphone-xs-home-trust-computer-alert.jpg" alt="trust this computer" width="500">
<br>
Taken from [Apple Support](https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202778 "Apple Support")
<br>
<br>
Click `Trust` and enter your iPhone password if you get prompted to do so.
<br>
<br>

### **5. Upload the file to your phone**
In iTunes, click on the icon that appeared when you connected your smartphone:
<br>
<br>
![click on this device button](../assets/step_5_1.jpg "Click On This Device Button")
<br>
<br>
Select `Tones` from the `On My Device` menu on the left side of the window:
<br>
<br>
![select tones from the menu](../assets/step_5_2.jpg "Select Tones from the Menu")
<br>
<br>
Drag and drop your cropped audio file from the explorer to `Tones`:
<br>
<br>
![drag and drop to tones](../assets/step_5_3.gif "Drag and Drop to Tones")
<br>
<br>
After the file is uploaded you may disconnect your phone from the computer.
<br>
<br>

### **6. Select your new ringtone in the settings**
On your iPhone go to the `Settings` > `Sounds & Haptics` > `Ringtone` and select your audio file from the ringtones list.
<br>
<br>
<img src="../assets/step_6_1.gif" alt="select your ringtone" width="400">
<br>
<br>
Congratulations! You have successfully added a customized ringtone!
<br>
<br>

### **7. _(optional)_ Assign a personal ringtone to your contacts**
Open the `Phone` app on your phone. Open the contact page of the person you want to assign the ringtone to. Tap the `Edit` button in the top-right corner of the page. Scroll down until you see the `Ringtone` tab. Tap `Ringtone` and select the ringtone you want from the list. Tap `Done` and tap `Done` again to save your changes.
<br>
<br>
<img src="../assets/step_7_1.gif" alt="select your ringtone" width="400">
<br>
<br>

Commit message:

feat: add a table of contents

revised/README.md, after:

# How to Add Your Own Ringtone to an iPhone?
## You will need:
* iPhone 
* Charging cable for your phone
* Computer (running Mac or Windows) with Internet access
* The song that you want to be your ringtone

| Table of Contents |
| --- |
| [1. Install iTunes on your computer](#1-install-itunes-on-your-computer) |
| [2. Choose the audio file for your ringtone](#2-choose-the-audio-file-for-your-ringtone) |
| [3. Trim the audio and obtain the \*.m4r file](#3-trim-the-audio-and-obtain-the-m4r-file) |
| [4. Connect your phone to the computer](#4-connect-your-phone-to-the-computer) |
| [5. Upload the file to your phone](#5-upload-the-file-to-your-phone) |
| [6. Select your new ringtone in the settings](#6-select-your-new-ringtone-in-the-settings) |
| [7. _(optional)_ Assign a personal ringtone to your contacts](#7-optional-assign-a-personal-ringtone-to-your-contacts) |

## Steps:
### **1. Install iTunes on your computer**
**If you are using Mac**: skip this step as iTunes is already installed on your device by default.
<br>
**If you are using Windows**: [install the latest version of iTunes](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/p/itunes/9pb2mz1zmb1s "Install iTunes") as you see on the screenshots:
<br>
<br>
![iTunes installation button 1](../assets/step_1_1.jpg "iTunes installation button")
<br>
<br>
That button will take you to the Microsoft Store:
<br>
<br>
![iTunes installation button 2](../assets/step_1_2.jpg "iTunes installation button")
<br>
<br>
Wait for the download to finish, proceed with the installation by accepting terms & conditions and clicking "Continue" when prompted.
<br>
<br>

### **2. Choose the audio file for your ringtone**
iTunes **does not** let us make files longer than 40 seconds into ringtones.
<br>
**If you already have an \*.m4r file that is shorter than 40 seconds** you may skip steps 2 and 3.
<br>
**Otherwise** you should use an [online audio trimmer](https://audiotrimmer.com "Online Audio Trimmer").
<br>
To upload your file click on the `Browse..` button and select your file from the explorer:
<br>
<br>
![audio trimming open file](../assets/step_2_1.jpg "Audio Trimming open file")
<br>
<br>
Wait for the upload progress bar to finish and proceed to the next step:
<br>
<br>
![audio trimming upload](../assets/step_2_2.jpg "Audio Trimming Upload")
<br>
<br>

### **3. Trim the audio and obtain the \*.m4r file**
Move the sliders on the left and right to select the part of the audio that you want for your ringtone. You may also use the `+` and `-` buttons next to `Start` and `End` to make your cut more precise (Remember that the resulting length has to be shorter than 40 seconds):
<br>
<br>
![audio trimming sliders](../assets/step_3_1.gif "Audio Trimming Sliders")
<br>
<br>
Select `m4r` from the dropdown menu next to `Output Format` and click `Crop >>`:
<br>
<br>
![audio crop](../assets/step_3_2.gif "Audio Crop")
<br>
<br>
Wait for the processing to finish and download the file on your computer:
<br>
<br>
![audio download](../assets/step_3_3.jpg "Audio Download")
<br>
<br>

### **4. Connect your phone to the computer**
Open the iTunes app on the computer and using the charging cable connect your iPhone to the computer.
<br>
Unlock the phone. You may receive an alert like this:
<br>
<br>
<img src="https://support.apple.com/library/content/dam/edam/applecare/images/en_US/iOS/ios13-iphone-xs-home-trust-computer-alert.jpg" alt="trust this computer" width="500">
<br>
Taken from [Apple Support](https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202778 "Apple Support")
<br>
<br>
Click `Trust` and enter your iPhone password if you get prompted to do so.
<br>
<br>

### **5. Upload the file to your phone**
In iTunes, click on the icon that appeared when you connected your smartphone:
<br>
<br>
![click on this device button](../assets/step_5_1.jpg "Click On This Device Button")
<br>
<br>
Select `Tones` from the `On My Device` menu on the left side of the window:
<br>
<br>
![select tones from the menu](../assets/step_5_2.jpg "Select Tones from the Menu")
<br>
<br>
Drag and drop your cropped audio file from the explorer to `Tones`:
<br>
<br>
![drag and drop to tones](../assets/step_5_3.gif "Drag and Drop to Tones")
<br>
<br>
After the file is uploaded you may disconnect your phone from the computer.
<br>
<br>

### **6. Select your new ringtone in the settings**
On your iPhone go to the `Settings` > `Sounds & Haptics` > `Ringtone` and select your audio file from the ringtones list.
<br>
<br>
<img src="../assets/step_6_1.gif" alt="select your ringtone" width="400">
<br>
<br>
Congratulations! You have successfully added a customized ringtone!
<br>
<br>

### **7. _(optional)_ Assign a personal ringtone to your contacts**
Open the `Phone` app on your phone. Open the contact page of the person you want to assign the ringtone to. Tap the `Edit` button in the top-right corner of the page. Scroll down until you see the `Ringtone` tab. Tap `Ringtone` and select the ringtone you want from the list. Tap `Done` and tap `Done` again to save your changes.
<br>
<br>
<img src="../assets/step_7_1.gif" alt="select your ringtone" width="400">
<br>
<br>
